Well, good evening family.
Good morning to those around the world, wherever you are from.
Thank you for joining us again tonight.
I am going to go over some of the things that we received in prayer last time we were with you.
I have taken the time to pray over what the Lord showed us last time, and it is still very intense.
So, we will go over it and we will show you some of the things that Braden found in the news the last 24 hours or so.
Mommy can read that book.
She is coming.
She will go over some of these prayer notes if we want.
Are you ready?
Okay.
I will let you in here.
Move that camera back.
You can come this way.
No, I don't want you.
You are good.
I will move over here, babe.
I am sorry.
It is my fault for coming late.
It is okay.
There you go.
Hi everybody.
Hello everybody.
Okay, so last prayer.
Was that not amazing?
When we were praying last time and we were in the middle of communion and the Lord showed up, I started seeing over New York and Times Square and the terrorist attacks and all the things that the enemy is planning against this nation.
I really believe with all my heart the Lord has called us to stand against this and to pray.
But before I go over all that, I want to show you what Braden found today per what is going on in Paris.
Can you play that now, or which one?
The one where they canceled everything.
Oh yeah, that was a very strong clip.
I agree wholeheartedly.
You know what?
This is what the Holy Spirit warned us was coming, and it is very sobering.
You know, when you see these things coming way before they happen and the Lord tells us pressure is coming even more.
What did we hear from the Holy Spirit?
What was it, how many nights ago, when he said after this comes there will be more gun laws?
They will push more and take away even more freedoms.
It will come even to social media.
They will start to take away your right to freedom of speech more and more on public platforms and things like that and it will crack down.
This was coming to Canada, England, and Australia big time in 2026.
But I saw another major event like what happened in Sydney in Toronto, Canada, and the Lord showed us all these things, ladies and gentlemen.
I want to tell everybody we are the news.
The Holy Ghost is telling us what is happening.
If people in the world want to know what is coming, come over here and pray over this stuff and we can stop it before it happens and intercede.
Now, not all things are going to be stopped.
We know we are in the signs of the times.
We are in the last days.
We know Jesus Christ is coming.
Because of the birthing pains and all the things that the word of God says is coming, the world needs to know.
So we are going to be that light in the darkness shining bright everywhere we go so that people see us and they say there is something different about you.
So here we have Australia PM.
Do you have that on there?
Yeah.
Australian prime minister announces crackdown on hate speech.
So where are you going to crack down on hate speech?
You are going to do it on social media just like the Lord told us.
And I have the videos.
If anybody is a follower of our channel, they know what the Holy Spirit has been saying, and it is all to His glory.
Accuracy is important.
We do not want flakiness.
Here we go.
Now you can play this.
Is that a video, son?
This one?
Yeah.
About, oh we already played it, did we not?
Yeah, I already played it.
Okay.
So, that is more about Paris and Hong Kong, other major cities canceling or changing New Year's Eve plans because they know that they are not safe.
They know they are getting tips, but they are not telling the public what is coming.
What did I tell you all where I went in the spirit this last video?
Is there any more?
I can go to what the Lord showed us.
Yeah, you can go.
We know people are fed up.
I told you when I saw the persecution coming to Canada in the days ahead, I saw great persecution coming to the church.
I don't know if they have a First Amendment right there like in America, but whatever right they have of freedom of speech in Canada, it is about to be challenged majorly for social media and hate speech.
I saw a press coming on the people in Australia and England, a fresh olive oil was coming out of this, and that is what I warned you the Holy Spirit was saying to us to get prepared, a waking shaking, and even when the Lord said to us about the volcanoes going off in the Caribbean, he said, "You are seeing into the future.
" He has never said that.
So, I don't know how far that is away, but he said, "You are seeing into the future what is coming.
This is not now.
This is like next year or whatever.
I don't believe he was saying this is coming.
I am letting you have a glimpse of what is coming.
" So we see this stuff and it is amazing.
Look at all these tractors.
Can you see all those tractors?
They are taking their tractors and using them against the police.
Those police need to get out of the way.
They are in danger.
That looks like mayhem.
I did not even know this stuff was going on until Braden showed me.
I said, "What is going on in this world?
We are using our tractors to run the police over.
That is crazy.
These people are nuts.
" We do not want harm to happen to anybody; it is sad that we have come to this right now and people are getting that angry and using their farming equipment to run people over.
So we will pray for them tonight.
But they are setting things on fire, tires, and all kinds of just filth.
I am thankful that has not happened in America, but did anybody know that stuff is going on?
I did not until Braden showed me.
Okay.
Number two, what else?
So, is that all you want to show us, son?
Yeah.
That is good.
Okay.
So, when I was in the spirit, I had communion in my hand last time, and as I was about ready to take the blood, I was seeing over into New Year's Eve, and the Lord warned us about major cities in America.
Now, I will go into detail concerning what the Lord showed us last video.
I saw detail into New York.
A major attack planned in New York for New Year's Eve.
Pray over New York and New Year's Eve in New York.
Praying over Miami.
I saw a major attack in Miami planned.
It was on the strip.
I know it was a strip and people called it out and told us what it was now.
And that was not West Palm Beach.
Goodness gracious, I forgot the name of it.
I don't live in the area.
Jackson, is that it?
No, I am talking about Miami.
Oh, is it some kind of place like the town something place?
I don't know.
But there were so many people that reached out and said, "Hey, Braden, this is the place.
" Now, again, the water was on the, the ocean was on this side.
I saw a road and then I saw a lot of eating areas.
And the Lord said this was a target in Miami.
So, praying over Miami, I saw that.
Then I saw New Orleans again.
I saw a major attack coming to New Orleans on Bourbon Street again.
I saw it was a target where the horse is and the old church.
What?
Jackson Square.
Jackson Square with the beignets and the Lord said, "This is an area that will be a hot spot.
Pray over this area.
" I saw a mass shooting event taking place in this area when people were not sober.
He talked about the Sugar Bowl, and the Lord said to intercede for the Sugar Bowl.
The Sugar Bowl is on January 1st or 2nd, and the Lord said to pray for intercession and protection over the people of New Orleans.
The other part the Lord showed us was Las Vegas, Nevada.
I saw Las Vegas, Nevada, near Reno—where the Bellagio is and all the fountains—praying over that again, and Trump Tower and Trump Hotels.
The other one the Lord showed us was Rodeo Drive in the Los Angeles area.
I saw the Louis Vuitton store, which was very specific, Burberry, and the Christmas tree.
I told Diana, 'The visions we had in this last prayer time were so detailed.
I could even see their eyes, the skin, all of it.
' Usually, faces are blurred out, but this was so detailed.
I believe it's because of how intense this situation is; we must pray for security and stability over our nation, for our president, for our law enforcement, our local sheriff's departments, the FBI, and Homeland Security.
The Lord showed us again: 'Hold fast, Church.
Hold fast, Church.
We must hold fast.
' He said there's a shaking coming to America.
I believe we can stop a lot of it, especially by praying in advance over our nation and protection over our New Year's Eve parties.
Then I saw Europe again, and the Lord showed me England with the big Ferris wheel, praying over the Ferris wheel and Big Ben, interceding for London, England.
I saw a black swan going down the river by the Eiffel Tower, floating on top of it.
It was a massive black swan, the size of a boat.
There are no black swans the size of a big boat; it would look like a ferry, like one of those massive New Orleans boats.
It was a massive black swan swimming down that river, and I could see smoke in the distance from the Eiffel Tower area with something on fire.
I thought, 'What is that representation of?
Why did the Lord pick that?
' The Lord said to pray over Salt Lake City and said they're casing.
I saw them casing Six Flags Over Texas in the Arlington area.
They were casing the area, megachurches, and the Vatican.
One in particular was a megachurch in Houston; I saw them casing it, watching for the opportune time.
They were casing the Vatican and major synagogues—major buildings in Europe with the Catholic faith—to cause massive destruction with all-at-the-same-time planned attacks.
That's why I saw to pray over Christmas Eve next week, praying over midnight Christmas Mass with the Pope.
Salt Lake City, Utah.
I recognized it because Salt Lake City has the beautiful lake.
I saw the Mormon temple; major Mormon temples were a target.
I saw Macron, but then I saw Hillary.
Then I saw a man with black glasses and a crew cut—military-style haircut—with a black trench coat, walking in Europe.
The Lord said, 'She's lost her influence, but she hasn't lost it all.
' Regarding the housing market, I saw them trying to stimulate the economy through the housing markets.
They would try to lower interest rates to a point where the housing market would be a boom again, but it was a pig with lipstick.
The Lord says, 'Brandon, the dollar's in trouble.
The American economy is in trouble.
' Regardless of saying the economy is booming or interest rates are better in 2020, he will stimulate it, and it will be a shallow wave.
Everything will look really good, and they'll turn the printing presses on.
I saw the wave cresting, and the Lord said, 'Ride the wave, for it won't last long.
I'm giving you a window of opportunity in the days ahead to ride the wave for those that have ears to hear how to invest.
' As the wave was going, there were crypto symbols, gold, silver, and the housing market.
It was a shallow wave, light blue like the Caribbean, meaning shallow water.
It will not last a long time.
The Lord warned us of this, but He said, 'Ride the wave.
' And as it crashed, I saw gold thickening up on the ground.
He said, 'Fill your pockets, son, and use it for my Kingdom.
' These are things He said: 'When you least expect it, not when you're expecting it.
The surprise to open your eyes, looking for the great implementation of it, watching for the right opportunity.
' Regarding the casing, He said, 'The alarm to do more harm.
' 2026 will be a year like the body of Christ has never experienced.
Everything is coming to a head, looking like a boil ready to pop.
There's that much pressure built up that it's ready to go off.
It's disgusting, but there's so much infection and so many things happening.
And that's what he said: the acceleration of things like you've never seen before.
The body of Christ must be ready.
He said you must know your authority.
He keeps saying, "Expect the unexpected.
" It is a pivotal year to take seriously because of the elections.
And he said this is vital: the Supreme Court and the decision they make against the tariff is vital for the lifeblood of the American economy.
This is not a "what if it doesn't happen" situation.
This is do-or-die.
This is very serious, and so that's what we will continue to pray over.
I saw a scale of one to 10 of how serious it was.
Was that Hillary?
Was that her power?
A two out of 10.
She has lost a lot of influence.
She's in the background.
She had a scale of 10 before when she was with Obama, but now she's lost her power.
She still has some, but it was a two out of 10.
And the Lord said she still has influence.
She still has power, especially in Europe, because I saw Macron and I saw these people of the deep state, dark people.
I'm telling you all, there are some very dark people in Europe, and for what the Lord has showed us even about Germany and things that are coming.
So we see Putin having meetings and he is really fussing.
There are things that are happening and he's upset.
Braden, did you have that video from him of some of the things that he's saying?
Zelensky, they say that I think President Trump said last I heard we had a 90% chance of peace.
Now, what does that involve?
Dividing the land of Ukraine and giving some to Russia?
I don't follow all the news and stuff.
A 90% chance of peace is what President Trump was saying.
I thought that was kind of interesting; they were saying it's the closest they've ever been.
So, we just go over these things with you.
There are a lot of you that don't want to pray with us that long.
Did you see anything on Warner Brothers?
There was something about Warner Brothers.
I thought the Lord said it was after you said a "casing of cool place," so I didn't know.
Oh, no.
It was Six Flags because it was a target.
They were casing Six Flags to see who had the least security.
How could they infiltrate with their evil?
And he said the surprise will open your eyes.
Then I saw the number 250, and that was concerning America's anniversary.
And the Lord said, "Don't just focus on the time frame of July 4th when we celebrate or all the things about it.
It's the days prior.
" It's the enemy within.
It's the Red Dawn experience.
It's like Pearl Harbor; we were caught off guard when you least expect it.
That's what the Lord kept saying: "When you least expect it, expect it.
" Don't let your guard down.
Keep vigilant, church.
How many times has he warned us?
Keep your eyes open, church.
You must know the signs of where we are.
We're in dark towers.
And most people say, "Brandon, I don't believe that.
" Look around you.
I'm into being positive and having faith and believing God for things, folks, but look around you at where we are.
From September 23rd to where we are right now, it's a different world.
It's accelerating just like the Father told us.
And he said, "Look, the birthing pains are intensifying.
You must open your eyes.
" 2026 is going to be a year that you're not going to ever forget.
I keep praying into it.
I wake up and I see it.
I have visions when I'm driving around and I don't even expect it.
The Lord will speak about 2026 and I'll see it, looking in the spirit.
I'll have an open-eye vision as I'm driving, and I'll stop and have her record it.
We'll go over what the Lord is showing us about the economy, about investments, and things like that, just believing God for the overflow and getting ready for 2026, 2027, and 2028.
Most people say, "Well, I believe the rapture of the church is coming in 2026, Brandon, we're out of here.
" I pray you're right, but I believe you're wrong.
If you're following someone else and not the Holy Ghost, you're in trouble.
You have to find God for yourself.
I don't care what Prophet Billy Bob said down the road.
You must find God for yourself.
Quit listening to all of the prophetic chatter.
What did God say to you?
I'm never going to say someone is a false prophet publicly like that.
The Lord rebukes me every time.
I got in trouble for mentioning that one girl.
Lord said, "That's not for you to do.
I didn't say for you to say that stuff publicly.
I talk to you privately.
" It's like her telling me something privately and I come on here and say, "Hey, Diana said this, everybody.
" But she didn't tell me to say that publicly.
We have an intimate relationship and you don't share some of that stuff.
And the Lord said, "Brandon, we have an intimate relationship and I want that level of trust with you.
I'll tell you what things to say, but you are not going to say some of the things you said.
" And I had to remove it and I got in trouble.
And then the Lord said, "That's not necessary, Brandon.
I got it in my time.
" I said, "How did I do?
" "You messed up.
" "How?
" "You shouldn't have said that.
I said this to you privately, but that was not for public.
" So, for those that heard it, I apologize to you.
I'm a work in progress, y'all; I mess up.
And the Lord said, "You'll grow, and you'll be sensitive.
" But there will be a lot of things in the days ahead that you will not be able to tell the public.
So I tell you what I can say, but it's a learning process.
All glory to Jesus for his patience with me.
This is like I'm standing underneath a fire hydrant with all this stuff going on.
And he said, "Get ready for 2026.
" There are going to be very, very sobering days ahead, ladies and gentlemen.
And I just want to encourage you to get into the Bible yourself.
Read the Bible.
Stop thinking you have to have a word from somebody else.
If your pastor gives it to you from behind the pulpit, listen: he's the shepherd of that congregation.
If you can't trust your pastor to feed you spiritually, then why are you there?
It's time for you to move on.
Well, I don't get anything there.
Then why are you there?
If you can't trust what they're saying, you're in the wrong church.
So I'm trying to encourage you: you must find God for yourself.
There are so many people saying, "What do you feel, Brandon?
What is my opinion?
" Really, it doesn't matter what my opinion is.
What is God saying to you?
That's what I want to keep going to.
Well, I don't hear God.
No, I truly believe you do hear God; you just have too much clutter.
You're going too fast down the highway at 80 miles an hour and you're not taking the side roads where Jesus is at.
He wants to look at the flowers and the birds.
He likes to be like George Washington Carver, who talked about the man who talks to the flowers and the peanut.
It's just like taking time and praying over things, not being in such a hurry to throw out another video, but stopping and listening.
There are only 100,000 people who watch that; there are 500,000 others that need to see it.
This is very serious.
I don't know if it's my title or whatever.
I put a certain title on there and YouTube flagged it and told me to change it.
This is exactly what I told you was coming.
The Lord said, "Great days ahead concerning suppression and censorship.
" They'll censor you on Facebook.
They'll censor you on YouTube.
They're going to censor you on Instagram and even more on TikTok.
But He said Elon's site will be a place that will harbor people.
You can speak what you want, but they're going to attack him in Australia and England with lawsuits in the days ahead to shut him up.
And we must pray that he will not succumb to all of the pressure from society, because it will come from Asia even more so.
I don't know how many people are able to look in Asia—I saw a lot of freedom of speech coming to a halt.
That's why the Lord said, "You must develop two platforms.
You're focusing on all these platforms, but I'm telling you, a storm's coming with what you're allowed to say.
" It was a wakeup call to us when we put the title.
It was a very simple title and YouTube flagged it and said basically we had to change it.
I thought it wasn't that bad, but it was to them and it's their platform.
We're in their house, so we obey.
We're on their thing right now, and I pray I'll be able to talk like this for a while.
But if something was to happen, I need you to hear me: I'll be on X.
That's what the Lord said.
He talks about X all the time.
He talked to me about X in my sleep.
It's very interesting.
You all will know because we'll put the link in the description below.
If anything is to happen to my channel, I'm on X.
I encourage you to follow me there.
I'm going to put a lot more content on there in the days ahead that I will not put on YouTube because I know what's coming.
Don't go searching because there might be a lot of impersonators.
Only follow the link in the description and follow me.
I think I'm up to 35 or 40.
It's a lot less than I thought on X.
It was bigger on TikTok—definitely got like 400.
I can't stand TikTok; TikTok is from the devil.
But I encourage you to grow.
Follow my X.
I want to put a lot more stuff over there because if something happens to my YouTube, you'll find me on X because I believe that will be a safe haven for a while.
But we'll be here until then.
I'm just saying I know what the Lord has said: prepare.
When you see the future and the Lord's showing you a storm—2027, 2028—and you're seeing into these time frames, the Lord starts showing me these.
We've been doing this for three years and we're still not at a million, even though we hit this hard every day.
We give all glory to God.
But when the Lord says, "I want this to be your alternative," it's going to take a lot of prayers.
We can't do this on our own.
There is so much that the Lord has for us to pray about.
It's very concerning to me where people are following Sister Whoever or Brother Whoever, and it's the blind leading the blind.
That's literally where they are prophetically.
They don't hear God.
If He walked in with a huge red hat with "HG" for Holy Ghost on the hat and a holy angel choir behind Him, they wouldn't know Him.
It's sad to me because the more this grows, you realize how many people truly have no clue and they pretend they do.
They put on a good front, act like they've got it all together, and they might have a brand new private jet.
You look at them and go, "You haven't had a fresh word from God in decades.
What gives?
Why are you preaching?
" I'm telling you there is so much God is doing, and that new wine skin with that new wine flow from the Holy Ghost is not stagnant.
When you're attached to the life source, the life source is always giving you fresh manna.
He doesn't want His kids having spoiled porridge.
"Here, let's feed that to the body of Christ; open wide.
" And you're choking on it.
"That's trash.
Why are you feeding me this nasty meal?
" "But it's all you've got, buddy.
Here, it's Sloppy Joes.
" You're choking on the Sloppy Joes.
"How about some extra sloppy for you?
" It's sad, but true.
There's so many that think, "Well, this is a good meal," and you're looking at it going, "This is trash.
" I'm just real with you, and I'm fed up with it.
I'm here as a watchman on the wall yelling: "You better get your act together, church.
" The Lord said, "I'm drawing you to my side.
I'm drawing them to a higher level.
You must come up higher.
" He says that all the time.
There is a storm on your shore today.
I'm calling the church to come up higher, for the world needs to see authentic.
He said, "I'm not after the church, Brandon; I'm after the world.
I'm leaving the 99 to go after the one.
" He said, "You're so focused on the churched; I'm not after the churched.
I'm after the unbeliever.
" That's what He told me today: "I'm after the unbeliever, Brandon.
I'm after the world, the ones that are dark and lost.
" He said, "I'm snatching them out of the pit.
" As I was driving, I passed a car dealership.
He was looking at the people and said, "Do you see them?
" He says, "I'm leaving the 99 to go after the one.
" Do you understand where we are right now, Brandon?
I'm not coming after the church people; I'm coming after the world.
But so many people are so focused on the church.
And he said, "It's time for them to wake up.
Put your big girl pants on and your big boy pants on, and let's get this job done so we can get out of this hellhole.
" I mean, I'm just saying.
Most people go, "Well, we occupy until he comes.
" Well, my God, I know that, but let's do it and do it better.
Put your armor on.
Let's get this job done.
Let's win the lost for Jesus.
When I saw the Father standing, I said, "Lord, what are you doing?
" I saw a big bright light and he was looking at the coast of America.
He was on the West Coast, looking toward it, and I saw Jesus underneath the hoopa.
It was beautiful olivewood, carved with all these beautiful olive leaves.
It was beautiful, but he was a flaming fire and he said, "I'm waiting on you to get the job done.
Bring in the lost and I'm coming for you.
" I stopped and I said, "He's waiting on us.
We're not waiting on him.
He's waiting on us.
He's already given us everything.
We're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
We already have the authority of the believer.
" He tells me, "Brandon, I'm not doing anything else about the devil.
" Because I was attacked one night when we were doing a livestream.
That's why I stop sometimes.
When you have people on the other side doing things against you, I said, "Lord, why don't you do something about that?
" He said, "I'm not doing anything.
Do you remember what Brother Hagin said?
What I told him?
I've done everything I'm going to do about the devil.
You take your authority and rise up, Brandon.
" Immediately stop and rebuke it and tell it to go.
I'm not doing anything else about the devil.
I've already done it.
I've already whipped him once and for all.
Either you believe it or you don't.
And either you walk in the authority of the believer and take your dominion in place or you don't.
But I can't make you do it.
You have to do it.
Either you bite it like a dog on a bone or you sit there and let the devil run roughshod over you and take what belongs to you.
Either you stand for your children or your wife and you pray over them and you anoint them with oil, or you don't.
"Well, why is the Lord not helping me?
I don't understand why I'm going through this storm.
" You must speak to the storm.
You're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
He lives on the inside of you and he's not doing anything else about the devil.
He's not.
And most people don't want to hear that.
But he said, "I've given you dominion and power and authority to tread on serpents and scorpions, and nothing shall by any means harm you.
Either we believe it or we don't.
" And that's why he talks to me about it, because I want to say, "Why are you letting this happen?
" Nope.
It's your fault.
I gave you everything you need to be successful.
If you have a need, you sow a seed.
"Well, I'm dealing with finances.
" Check your ground.
I talked to a family member about that.
Check your ground, who you're sowing to.
There might be corruption in their ministry.
Check how you're sowing.
Check what doors you have open.
If you have doors of sin open in your house, the enemy comes in to kill, steal, and destroy.
And the Bible says that God has come that we might have life and life more abundantly.
And most people don't want to take the responsibility to look at themselves and say, "Listen, do I have open doors of sin and where am I giving?
" And they want to blame it on God, saying, "Why am I still living in poverty, Lord?
It doesn't work.
" Well, it does work.
Just like if I go outside and plant an apple tree next to the ocean, it's not going to do very well.
I have to plant it in the farmlands of Oklahoma and put it in some good dirt.
The red dirt down south doesn't work well.
You have to plant it in the better dirt.
Like in Tulsa, there's really black dirt here.
That's good dirt and the trees are massive.
But if I go south, the trees aren't as good; they're like sagebrush trees.
They're not really thick.
Soil matters.
Where are you sowing your seed?
It matters.
Stop sowing into bad ground expecting good fruit.
You must learn this.
And most of the body cries, "Well, you know, I've been sowing here and doing that.
" I'm telling you, it's ignorance.
Most people are just ignorant.
And you go, "Hey, I try to help you," but then we blame God.
"How come we're broke?
How come we're this?
How come we're that?
" Well, you're sowing into bad ground.
It's not good ground like manure.
You're sowing into ground that's like the red dirt or clay, and it just doesn't produce like it should.
Mississippi black dirt produces some good crops.
You know, you've got some good soil, and there is a big difference between that soil and Oklahoma red dirt.
And anybody that lives in Oklahoma and lives by the Red River, you know exactly what I'm talking about.
That soil does not produce very well.
There's not a lot of good stuff in it.
And I know the difference now between the Arkansas River soil and the red dirt, and there is a big difference.
I'm just trying to help y'all.
It's just common sense.
But a lot of people don't put it together that way.
And then if you let the devil in—you've got sin, you're looking at porn, you're drinking, acting crazy—and you're going to say, "Well, I don't understand why my life's falling apart.
" Because you allowed the devil in by an inch and he took a mile.
He comes to steal, kill, and destroy.
You let the devil in.
Stop being stupid.
I take communion daily and come under that covenant and say, "Father, forgive me.
I messed up.
Forgive me, God.
I need you.
" I don't live in sin consciousness.
I know Jesus forgave me once and for all, but when I mess up, I know that I must keep the door shut.
The spirit realm is real.
I don't believe in "once saved, always saved" either.
I don't.
You can turn your back on God and say, "I'm done with this.
" It's like people in families; they say, "You know what?
I was baptized when I was 12 years old," but what happened?
Well, they're out smoking dope.
They drink a fifth of whiskey a day and they're maybe even snorting some coke on the side.
You get so high and then you go, "Well, I was baptized in the Baptist church back when I was 12 years old and I'm saved, brother.
" I'm like, "No, you're going to hell.
" I hate to tell you, but you sleep around like an alley cat and you're doing more drugs than most people.
Do you understand what I'm saying?
You can't live in the world and think you're okay.
He said, "Be ye separate.
Come unto me.
" Every time Jesus healed somebody, he healed a sinner.
But he said, "Go and sin no more.
" He didn't say, "Go and live in it.
" "Woman with the issue of blood, it's okay.
You just keep doing what you want to do.
" "Madman of Gadara, you're okay.
Keep living a homosexual lifestyle.
Keep living the way you want to live.
" No.
He said, "Come out from among them.
Be ye separate unto me.
" Why is it that the world is so hard for the body of Christ to understand?
"Be ye holy as I am holy.
" It's not hard.
Just do it.
Hey, I'm going to live the best I can.
But people want to justify being homosexual.
You want to justify all these things and it's not right.
We must come out from among them.
Be like Jesus.
And people don't want to hear it, but I'm going to tell you anyway.
And if you click out, bye-bye.
I'm trying to warn you.
It's not for me to try to tickle your ears.
I'm trying to tell you you're going to hell.
I have to warn you that Jesus Christ loves you and he wants more for your life and for you to get radically on fire for him.
Be salty.
Separate yourself from the world.
Don't go back to it like a dog at his vomit.
We must repent and come up higher with the fire and come up underneath that wing and say, "Jesus, I'm here.
Use me.
" But his grace is sufficient even when you skin your knee.
But he didn't say to live that way.
"Lord, I messed up today.
Forgive me," but I'm not trying to live that way.
Diana, do you understand what I'm saying?
I think a lot of these people need to hear it.
But I want so badly that none of you should perish, just like Jesus.
I call it "none should perish, but all come to repentance.
" You must repent of your sins.
You must turn from your wicked ways.
Jesus Christ is coming, ladies and gentlemen.
He's standing at the door and he tells me all the time, "Brandon, you don't know what's coming in 2026 and 2027.
" These are great days of shaking.
"As labor pains upon a woman, so will it be, son.
Do you understand?
These are the days of sorrow coming.
" Are you ready for the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ?
Are you prepared?
Do you realize the ark door's closing?
Noah yelled and yelled and told everybody, I'm sure, all the time as they were laughing at him building the boat and they were saying, "You're a fool.
You're out of it, man.
You're crazy.
" Whatever they said to him, I don't know.
But he kept going on warning them, "Jesus is coming.
The flood's coming.
" As in the days of Noah, so will it be when the Son of Man returns.
Look around you.
People are worried about 3i-Atlas.
I told you it will turn into being a nothing burger.
You'll come on and it'll pass and you're going to go, "Well, what was that?
We were expecting something.
" I said, "It's what's coming behind it.
" There's a major shaking coming, for there'll be a shaking in the heavens.
There'll be a shaking in the earth.
There'll be a shaking in your finances.
There'll be a shaking in the church, and there'll be a shaking politically all around the world.
And there'll be five major shakings that take place throughout this world.
And we're just starting to see it.
And that's why he said, "Fearful sights will you see, son, that will bring you to your knee.
A great humbling is coming.
" For they've turned their head up toward me, and they've stuck their nose up toward me.
And I'm bringing a shaking to the church, Brandon.
For judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
And it's not just in your circle; it's in all the circles.
I want to be on the right side of it.
Do you?
I want to be walking with him whenever he comes back.
I want him to look at me and say, "Well done, thy good and faithful servant.
Good job, buddy.
You did it.
You tried really hard, son.
" And it's like Kathryn Kuhlman said—one of the first things she said: "When I get to heaven and I stand before him, I'll say, I really tried.
Dear Jesus, I tried.
" Yep.
I love her.
"Dear Jesus, I tried.
I did the best I could.
I left it all on the field.
" Like when you're playing sports, I left it all on the field.
I did everything I could to win that game.
I did everything I could for you.
I held nothing back.
I told them you were coming and their blood is not on my hands.
I told them to repent.
Father, their blood is not on my hands.
I told them that they had to turn from their wicked ways.
I told them, Father, I didn't hold it back because I was intimidated to tell them that if they were practicing homosexuality, it's not okay.
No, it's not.
I probably won't be able to say that much longer on this platform because of the way things are going.
But I have to warn you.
That's out of love.
It's not out of hate speech.
That's not hate speech.
That's love speech.
Jesus loves you.
He doesn't want you to burn in hell.
Hell was not created for you; hell was created for the devil and his demons.
You choose hell.
But I have to ask you today, if you're watching this right now and you've never asked Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal Savior—if you're here tonight and you know it's appointed unto man once to die and after that the judgment—if you're here tonight and you say, "Brandon, what must I do to be saved?
You're saying all this stuff and I'm freaked out.
I know these storms are coming.
I can feel it.
" I'm here tonight because I know inside something major is about to happen with the signs of the times and the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
Are you on the right side of eternity?
If you died tonight, would you spend eternity in hell or would you spend eternity in heaven?
You have to ask yourself, be real with yourself right now.
"Well, I've heard a lot about Jesus.
I've heard a lot about Christianity, but does Jesus know me?
" The only one that can answer that is you.
Unless a man is born again, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God.
You must become born again.
You must invite Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal Savior.
But maybe you're one of the ones that's here and you're backsliding.
You're not on fire anymore.
You've become stagnant, that your old pouch is full of old wine.
You're not even remotely where you should be.
The Bible said he'd rather you be hot or cold; if you're lukewarm, he'd spew you out of his mouth.
Do you know him?
Or did you know him, but you turned away from it and now you're living in the very sin you said you were forgiven of?
You went back to the very sin you said was forgiven, but I turned back to it and now I'm living back in it.
"Brandon, I need help.
" He's an ever-present help in a time of need.
He'll never leave you and he'll never forsake you.
Lo, and to the end of the earth, he said he'd be with you always.
So I want to ask you tonight, do you know him?
More importantly, does he know you?
Jesus is standing at the door of your heart right now.
He's knocking on the door of your heart.
As I've said, all the things you see, all the stuff going on in the news—I want you to make a decision tonight.
There might just be a couple of you.
There might just be one of you.
I don't know.
But I'm going to tell you, tonight's your night to be saved.
The very shoes you put on today to go to work, the undertaker might be taking them off that evening.
I want you to make a decision tonight.
Say, "Jesus, tonight I'm coming home.
" Jesus died publicly for your sins, and I want you to become public for Jesus today by putting in the chat room right now, "I want to be saved.
I need Jesus Christ.
I'm turning back to Jesus tonight.
I want to be born again.
" I don't want to go another day without him.
I can't keep living this way.
I'm depressed.
I'm having a hard time through these holidays.
All my family's deserted me.
I'm broken.
"Brandon, I need Jesus Christ.
" I'm so alone.
I feel so hopeless.
Give your heart to Jesus Christ today.
He'll turn it around.
I believe with all my heart he has a plan for every one of us.
He has a plan for your life.
"Beloved, I wish above all things," he says, "that you prosper and be in health even as your soul prospers.
" He wants you to have a prosperous soul.
He wants you to have a prosperous, healthy body.
He wants you to be blessed in your finances.
He is a loving God.
He loves you.
He's never left you and he's not up there beating on you.
He wants you to be his friend.
And tonight's your night to come home to Him.
So, I'm going to say a simple prayer.
I don't know how many people want to pray this prayer, but if there's just one, it's worth it.
Say, "Jesus, I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner and I need a Savior.
I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
I ask you to wash me and make me new today.
" Cleanse me.
Forgive me.
Today, Lord, I turn my back on the world.
I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on the things I used to do.
And from this day forward, Lord, I serve you with all my heart.
I serve you and I dedicate my life to you, Jesus.
I thank you that you make me new.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Lord, thank you that I'm saved today.
Thank you, Lord, that I'm coming home today.
Thank you, Lord, that you are accepting me and I come just as I am and you make me clean.
Thank you, Lord, I'm saved.
Thank you, Lord, I'm free in Jesus' name.
Amen and amen.
I believe that if you just said that simple little prayer, you just gave your heart to Jesus Christ.
I believe that you just came home.
Welcome back home.
We love you.
We're praying for you.
Well, you say, 'Brandon, what do I do now?
' You go to a Bible-believing church.
I'd go to a non-denominational church like what we go to.
You go to a non-denominational church where they pray in the baptism of the Holy Ghost.
Get plugged in there Wednesday nights, Sundays, whatever they have.
Go to prayer on Sunday nights like us.
You got to get plugged in.
You got to keep yourself fat on the word of God.
You cannot get skinny on the word of God.
You need to be obese in Jesus.
Not obese in the flesh like some of us, but I say be obese in Jesus is what you need to get.
Get all full and fluffy with Jesus so that you're able to stand against all the wiles of the devil, all the lies and all the torment.
He'll come to you and tell you, 'Hey, you're not born again.
You ain't right with the Lord.
' The moment he reminds you of your past, remind him of his future.
Say, 'Satan, you're going to burn in hell for eternity.
Leave me alone.
' He'll leave you alone real quick.
The Bible says, 'Submit yourself therefore unto God.
Resist the devil and he will flee as in terror.
' I believe that's what you got to do.
You got to act on what the word of God said.
I'm not falling into this trap.
I'm not falling into this temptation.
Tonight's my night for a new start, sucker.
Get out of here in Jesus' name.
And then come over here and pray with us so you keep strong.
All 64 of you, welcome to the family.
All 64 people that gave their heart to Jesus Christ, welcome to the family.
Go ahead, baby.
Tell them where you are.
I'm going to go here real quick.
If you just said that prayer, don't say, 'I don't have a Bible.
' Because we want you to be in the Bible every day.
As a part of your new life as a new believer in Christ, it's important that you get in the word every day.
So if you don't have one, we would love to bless you with one.
Just go down to the description of this video and you will find our email address.
And if you just put in the subject line of the email, say, 'I need a Bible,' and then put your name and your address, we will get one to you.
And we just want to say congratulations.
It's the best decision you'll ever make in your life, and welcome to the family.
We're so excited for you.
I was hoping this was on the whole time I was talking.
I saw your face.
Yes, and all heaven rejoices.
All of the angels.
Not only that, the devil's saying, 'Man, we lost a sinner tonight.
We lost a good one tonight, boys.
' They are upset about that.
We lost a good sinner tonight.
All 64 of you, the devil's kingdom is crying while Jesus is rejoicing.
We love you all.
Thank you for coming tonight.
That's part of what we had to say, but now we're going to pray.
Who wants to go tubing?
I call it tubing because it's going down the Holy Ghost river.
You know, when you're in the spirit and you're praying, it's like going down a river in the spirit realm.
That's every single time I tell Diana, I said, 'This is flowing with the Holy Ghost.
' When you're flowing with the Holy Ghost, prayer is fun.
Many people have been taught religious prayer, but prayer is not religious.
Prayer is relationship.
When you get a relationship with God, when you get real with God, God will become real to you.
You must not look at prayer as something religious.
Get real with him and say, 'Jesus, I'm here.
I want to be your friend.
' And when you get real with Jesus like that, he'll become real to you on a personal level.
I practice his presence all the time.
Even whenever I'm having a bad day, I say, 'Man, this day is crap or whatever.
' You go up there and say, 'Will you help me?
I need help.
I'm having a rough day.
I'm cranky.
' And just be real with him.
I don't go, 'thou-est God-th, how are you doing-th today?
Jesus, help me-th.
' It's flaky and religious.
I go, 'Jesus, I need you.
Will you be my friend?
Will you help me through the storms of life?
I need you to become so real to me today.
Fill my cup, Lord.
I lift it up, Lord.
' Happy birthday, Jesus.
Well, you know, it's not when he was born.
Don't you know it was probably in the late fall?
The world doesn't want to say 'Merry Christmas' and now the body of Christ doesn't want to say 'Merry Christmas.
' Let's give Jesus a day, folks.
He deserves more than a day.
He deserves months.
He deserves the whole year.
But the world wants to take one day out of the year and give it to Jesus.
In the Western culture, they want to say, 'Well, you know, Merry Christmas.
' I'm going to say 'Merry Christmas.
' Some look at it as pagan.
I'm not going to say 'Happy Hanukkah' or whatever.
I'm saying 'Merry Christmas, Jesus.
We love you.
Welcome to our house.
You are always welcome up in here.
We love you.
Your feet are precious to me and Diana.
You are welcome in this home.
' Do you understand?
When you just get excited about his presence and excited about him coming, he'll come and visit you.
He comes and visits us.
We have the presence of the Lord fill our house so strong we can't even move around sometimes.
And I say, 'Oh, these times like today when we were driving down the road, he just wanted to talk and he was correcting me on how I was saying things.
' He said, 'I don't like what you're saying.
' I said, 'Okay.
' Life and death are in the power of your tongue, son.
You've got to watch what you're saying.
He said, 'I don't want you saying that no more.
' It was something private for us.
And I told Diana, I said, 'I just got corrected.
I repent to you for what I just said, and I say I'll take those words out of the atmosphere.
I plead the blood of Jesus over what I just said.
And I thank you, God, that your mercy is new every morning and great is his faithfulness.
' And thank you—for he said he'll correct those he loves.
I'm so glad to get a Holy Ghost spanking because that means he loves me.
Take me out to the woodshed, Holy Spirit.
If I'm off on something, when the Holy Spirit takes me out to the woodshed, it means I'm loved.
Now, Paisley, my little girl, said, 'Did it hurt?
' when I said I got a spanking today.
I love her.
She goes, 'Does it hurt as bad as when you spank me?
' I said a lot worse.
She goes, 'Oh, no.
What does it feel like?
' I said, 'Well, baby, it's inside.
' She goes, 'Well, I don't ever know if I want to get a spanking from Jesus.
' It's funny; her childlike faith is just because she's so real.
She goes, 'Did it hurt?
' She cracks me up because she's so real about it.
She goes, 'What's it feel like when Jesus gives you a spanking?
Does it hurt like when you spank me?
' I said, 'Oh, honey, I pray you never do, but I'm sure you will.
When he corrects you inside, I feel like I'm going to crawl under a rock.
' And I say, 'Oh, Father, forgive me.
Help me.
Make me new.
Wash me in your blood.
' "Help me.
I can't do this on my own without you.
" And I believe the moment you start doing that and you acknowledge him every day, he'll become so real to you.
Build a foundation every day by practicing his presence, getting in the Word, and meditating on the Word in prayer.
"If ye abide in me and my words abide in you, you ask what you will and it shall be done.
" If you get this book down inside of you, it will change you from the inside out.
You've got to get this Word of God because it is alive.
It's him.
This is God speaking to me.
This is him speaking to you.
And you must know this and know your words are powerful.
Like me, I say things often I shouldn't say.
He goes, "Brandon, you need to change the way you're talking.
" So, okay, who wants to pray now?
I talk too much.
I went over an hour, I'm sure, but it was good.
The Lord brought 64 people in, so they enjoyed it.
All 64 of you, welcome to the family.
Father, we thank you for the body.
We thank you, Lord, tonight for your holy written Word.
I thank you, Lord, for all that you've said, all that you've done, and all that you continue to do.
We are wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
And as he is, so are we in this world.
And I thank you, Father, that the Word is changing me from the inside out.
I pray over my mind right now and I take authority over every demonic spirit.
We say it in the name of Jesus: Satan, you're under our feet.
As we pray and we lift up your name tonight, Father, I thank you, Lord, that we come boldly to your throne.
We take this body in the name of Jesus.
And I thank you, Lord, that I'm healed, whole, and well by the stripes of Jesus.
No weapon formed against me is going to prosper around my wife, my children, or us.
And we thank you, Lord, that the angels of the Lord are encamped around about us tonight.
And I thank you, Lord, that you speak to me uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
Father, I thank you now that the blood of Jesus Christ covers me and any visions or anything you show me tonight.
I thank you, Lord, for the body that was broken for us in Jesus' name, and we're healed and whole by the stripes of Jesus.
Amen.
Lord, we take the blood and we make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
We plead the blood, we apply the blood, and we thank you, Lord, for the blood of Jesus.
And Father, we thank you that our sins are washed in the blood.
We thank you, Lord, right now we enter into that throne room and we sit at your feet.
Father, whatever you have us to pray over tonight, if you want to show us something, fine; if not, that's fine, Lord; we just keep coming unto you boldly.
And we thank you, Father, that you show us that which is to come, and we apply the blood over anything we see so that we're not snared by demonic spirits in Jesus' name.
Amen and amen.
Plead the blood.
I take communion every time I pray.
We have a big communion bucket.
We have boxes of communion because of it.
And so we take communion.
We've got so much communion all around our house; it's a priority.
I don't want to look over everything behind the veil until I go underneath the blood.
You don't want to listen to any familiar spirits.
They come as an angel of light to try to snare you.
But I just keep coming underneath the covenant and say, 'God, I know I have a covenant with you, and you're going to keep me from the evil one.
' He that is born of God, he that is begotten of God keepeth himself, and the wicked one toucheth him not.
It's in First John 5:18.
Yep, there you go.
'He that is begotten of God keepeth himself, and that wicked one toucheth him not.
' You need to get that one down, too.
I obviously need to memorize the rest of it better, but I know whereabouts it's located.
I know it's in First John.
And he that is begotten, the wicked one touches me not.
If that's all you've got, that's it.
Jesus has got me.
I'm begotten of God and the wicked one toucheth me not.
Father, I just thank you.
Oh, Father, we worship you.
Jesus, we give you praise for your awesomeness.
Fill our cup, Lord.
We lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of our soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup, fill it up, and make me whole.
I'm seeing something.
He's talking about the revival tonight.
Get ready to write this down.
What I see is a beautiful field full of wheat again.
And I see a man, and this man is John Kilpatrick.
John Kilpatrick is walking in the midst of the wheat right now and the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
There are certain ones that the Lord is calling to bring in the greater harvest of this end-time.
I see a great storm to the east of him, a great storm to the south, and a great storm to the west.
But in the midst of this storm, I see him bringing in the harvest.
There's a storm on all sides.
I don't see north, but I see John Kilpatrick and the wheat is shining.
He has a nice suit on, a blue shirt, no tie, but he has a jacket on.
Now, I don't know why I'm seeing this man, but that's who I'm seeing right now.
He looks a lot younger and skinnier.
What's interesting is every time I've seen that, it's always been the Lord Jesus walking in the midst of the field.
But for whatever reason, I see this man and he's walking around, and this is concerning his area.
There's a big harvest about to take place.
There are strategic churches that I have put in place for this major harvest, for the race is about to start.
I hear him talking about a big race.
I see the doves floating in the air again above him.
There are three major doves floating counterclockwise that are going like a tornado.
And the glory of the Lord is shining and glistening on these doves.
Whenever you see the beams of light through the clouds, when the sun peeks through and causes those streaks of light, it looks like Shekinah—that's what's shining on these doves.
This is interesting.
I've never seen this before.
Out of the Gulf, the water is coming inland to the wheat.
The water is flowing inland to the wheat in a divot.
I don't know if that's a good thing.
You're running out of time.
Multitudes.
That's interesting, all that right there.
All right, the Lord wants to go a different direction now.
But I can see that water coming inland to that wheat.
" Okay.
So say John Kilpatrick was standing right here.
I see him, but he's skinnier.
And I see the water come all the way up to his feet and it was divoted out like when you see a wave come in.
A wave comes in like this, but this came in like a flood.
It came in like a flood, but it stood right at his feet.
There was wheat on this side, and the water came right up to his feet.
And there was no end to the water out to the south.
Now, I don't think this is a representation of the Gulf.
I think this is a representation of something in the spirit.
There's no end to the water supply.
Can you write that?
There's no end to the water supply, but it's the supply for the wheat.
This is a water supply.
And it's a vast supply.
This is a water supply that he's supplying for these churches.
And the turning of the three doves.
There's three beautiful white doves.
There's three.
One, two, three.
Father, Son, Holy Ghost.
You understand?
That's what it has to be.
Three.
It's a representation of a great flow.
It's not a tornado.
It's a whirlwind.
This is like the mighty wind of the upper room.
It came as a sound, the sound it's talking about in Acts chapter 2.
I see green olive leaves.
I've seen green olive leaves in this whirlwind that's carrying these doves with the glory on them.
It's a whirlwind.
Lord, that's a good word.
The whirlwind is like a Holy Ghost wind.
You cannot see wind.
You cannot see a breeze, but this is a breeze that looks like you can see the Holy Ghost and it's turning with the birds.
You can actually see it.
It's like a dust devil, but it's a Holy Ghost thing, but it's coming out of that water coming up onto it and it's flowing up towards him with the wheat over here on the side.
For the buildings will not hold all that I'm about to do.
Your buildings will not hold all that I'm about to do.
They're way too small for all that I have in store.
There will be so many meetings held outside.
Do you hear that?
There's not enough room for all that I'm about to do in your churches.
The harvest is coming in.
A great shaking to awaken, and the harvest is coming in.
That's why I have provided places of fields.
For the fields will be filled.
They'll be filled.
From coast to coast, there is much to see.
From the Gulf to Minnesota.
Reach the sea.
I see the new face rising up in Australia.
When things look at their darkest.
Now I see the small foxes.
I see the small foxes and they are licking their lips.
I see the small foxes.
He has a red tongue, but he doesn't look right in the eyes.
He doesn't look right in the eye.
He's licking his lips.
The small foxes.
He's talking about the church.
He's talking about the small foxes.
Hungry.
They're hungry.
There will be certain places that he'll want to use.
I see these churches that are established; they'll have great fruit.
That's why he said, remember what he said about him?
He's going to bring life into him.
He's going to bring life in his veins.
He's going to bring life into his body.
He's going to bring life in these pillars.
And he's giving them a second wind.
A second wind, Braden.
I hear the Lord say, "I'm going to bring second wind.
" Now, some of my elders are coming home, but I'm giving a certain second wind.
Not that they always got everything right, but their heart is toward me.
And I'm going to use the new Davids and the elders and I'll mix them together and you'll learn from the elders and you'll learn from the new for all that I have for you.
So elders, don't despise the youth and youth, be honorable to the elders.
From sea to sea, there will be greater revival in some cities.
There will be a former revival in all, but there will be greater revival in the south and up north.
It's a stirring in everybody.
He's coming.
You'll fan the flame and you'll know there's an impartation of the spirit.
But there will be certain places that are hot spots.
These are great prayer positions.
Prayer.
I hear him say they're portals.
Diana, I see portals of prayer.
Where there's a pillar of prayer, there'll be great revival.
You must form this out of prayer.
Humble.
So where you see a pillar of prayer, you'll see great revival.
Prayer, it's a house of prayer.
You become prayer.
There'll be great revival out of you.
But there'll be hot spots in the earth where you carry revival.
And I see people outside in the spring.
I see outside in the fall.
I see old camp meetings, old Brush Harbor camp meetings and you'll want to go from one place to the other because each one of them will be different.
I see him in Branson again.
Branson, Missouri is a hot spot.
And then John down there by the Gulf.
I see him.
I see him not too far from there in New Orleans.
And it goes up.
I see these hot spots in Tennessee.
There's hot spots in Arkansas.
And this will keep developing out of prayer, much prayer.
Then my house will be a house of prayer.
And out of the foundation of prayer comes great revival.
And some of you already have a head start on it.
Start prayer.
A storm is coming.
And the people will come out of the storm for refuge.
I see.
This is what I see in this vision.
I see the church as a beaconing light.
Like when you see the ships in the night.
It's a beaconing light in the lighthouse.
But there's so much light and they're coming out of the darkness into the light.
They're wet from the storm.
The storm of the world, they're coming in from the storm.
They need hope.
It's a breath of fresh air.
It's a hope.
They're wet.
Their clothes are wet.
There will be a major revival in Nevada.
I see shaking in Nevada and the casinos closing.
There is going to be so much glory.
There will be glory where sin abounds; My grace does much more abound.
And there will be glory spots in the least likely places.
They are in LA and Portland, Oregon.
There will be great shaking in your soil, all the way up.
I see it again; a great shaking for an awakening.
Clear up to Seattle, a great shaking to awaken.
Now, I didn't see a revival in Seattle; I saw it in Portland.
It was written: a shaking in the soil.
Great shakings in the soil, not just one time, and out in the water again.
I see the water again, and I see Japan shaking again.
But this is what's interesting about it: if you take the land of Japan and lift it up and pour glowing platinum over it, platinum is lining Japan with a glow.
That is the color that I see; it looks like platinum.
Platinum is shining up, and where the land looks split, there is a round circle with a dome on it.
It's platinum, but it looks like...
well, the sun looks yellow.
Do you know an LED light?
It looks like an LED light, but it is a globe, a dome.
And it's so bright that it is piercing to look at.
It's making the whole land glow with a platinum color, all highlighted around the islands.
But where the split comes to the land, I see a glow coming out of it.
My Lord has the souls.
Now we are in South Korea.
I see North Korea, and I see the flag tearing.
I see the yellow stars on this.
Is that the Russian flag or the Chinese?
I can't really tell; it's wadded in a ball.
I see this half over here being torn, and it's attached to North Korea.
This is communism.
It's a yellow star; there you go.
It's in a ball.
This half of it is in a ball, and I see the star in the corner, and that's how I'm able to make it out.
But it's torn and crumpled up like paper.
It is attached to North Korea.
I see people sitting in these houses and they're singing without words.
They're Asians, singing without words.
They look very beat down, skinny, and tattered.
They're worshipping without words, singing songs of praise and moving with hand gestures.
These are our brothers and sisters in North Korea.
They're singing without words.
They're very cold.
I see frost around them.
You can see your breath because it is so cold.
Now, this is interesting.
I see feathers that are layered similar to a snake skin, but they're outlined with a color like copper on a roof—that tarnished copper.
It's outlining these feathers, but inside the middle of the feathers is a different, lighter color.
It looks like chalk, but concerning these people, that copper color is glowing.
It is highlighted as if you put it through a black light.
See, that's what He's saying: 'Hold fast.
' I heard Him say, 'Hold fast, church.
' And all of a sudden, it went completely dark.
All of North Korea all the way up through China went completely dark.
It was like nighttime with no lights.
It was attached to China, and all of that area was a complete blackout.
It looks almost like a black hole.
There is no way for them to hear; it's a blackout.
I think what He is saying—and I don't want to add to or take away from it—is that they've never had a way to get the Word.
It's a blackout.
It's like the Iron Curtain.
There's a scan of this demonic skin, of this reptilian demonic spirit that is up front, glowing, and behind it, it's blocking out the Word.
I see this lizard-like, demonic-looking thing with the copper color in front of the people, blocking it out all the way up through China.
You attach North Korea, and it goes up like this, but there was a complete circle of blackout.
You can't hear the Word, is what I believe that represents.
It was complete darkness.
So we're praying into that—a veil that communism is wadding up.
He's done with that.
We have to get rid of that.
It's praying for revival into North Korea for those people because they were not able to worship.
They have taken their voices; they are not able to even sing loud to worship the Father.
They were making hand gestures and mouthing it, giving God praise because they couldn't even sing to be heard together as a family.
They would be tortured or killed for that.
But I saw them in terrible conditions, cold.
And the Lord said, 'I am seeing them,' and He's crushing that Iron Curtain.
That's what we're praying into.
The snake skin is representative of some kind of demonic spirit, this dragon that's keeping Christianity out of there.
And it was a complete black hole over North Korea all the way up into China.
It's so dark that there's not even one light; it looked like gross darkness.
I see a great big flathead catfish with big whiskers—those blue cats—and it has the face of Kim Jong-un.
Coming up through the south, I see a light coming on the land.
I see the green grass coming and the parting of that darkness.
It's coming from the south, from the southeast, and it's spreading up like when you would turn the light on in a cartoon.
Everything that was blacked out is getting color.
The green grass is coming; flowers are coming.
Their clothes are wet.
There will be a major revival in Nevada.
I see shaking in Nevada and the casinos closing.
There is going to be so much glory.
There will be glory where sin abounds; My grace does much more abound.
And there will be glory spots in the least likely places.
They are in LA and Portland, Oregon.
There will be great shaking in your soil, all the way up.
I see it again; a great shaking for an awakening.
Clear up to Seattle, a great shaking to awaken.
Now, I didn't see a revival in Seattle; I saw it in Portland.
It was written: a shaking in the soil.
Great shakings in the soil, not just one time, and out in the water again.
I see the water again, and I see Japan shaking again.
But this is what's interesting about it: if you take the land of Japan and lift it up and pour glowing platinum over it, platinum is lining Japan with a glow.
That is the color that I see; it looks like platinum.
Platinum is shining up, and where the land looks split, there is a round circle with a dome on it.
It's platinum, but it looks like...
well, the sun looks yellow.
Do you know an LED light?
It looks like an LED light, but it is a globe, a dome.
And it's so bright that it is piercing to look at.
It's making the whole land glow with a platinum color, all highlighted around the islands.
But where the split comes to the land, I see a glow coming out of it.
My Lord has the souls.
Now we are in South Korea.
I see North Korea, and I see the flag tearing.
I see the yellow stars on this.
Is that the Russian flag or the Chinese?
I can't really tell; it's wadded in a ball.
I see this half over here being torn, and it's attached to North Korea.
This is communism.
It's a yellow star; there you go.
It's in a ball.
This half of it is in a ball, and I see the star in the corner, and that's how I'm able to make it out.
But it's torn and crumpled up like paper.
It is attached to North Korea.
I see people sitting in these houses and they're singing without words.
They're Asians, singing without words.
They look very beat down, skinny, and tattered.
They're worshipping without words, singing songs of praise and moving with hand gestures.
These are our brothers and sisters in North Korea.
They're singing without words.
They're very cold.
I see frost around them.
You can see your breath because it is so cold.
Now, this is interesting.
I see feathers that are layered similar to a snake skin, but they're outlined with a color like copper on a roof—that tarnished copper.
It's outlining these feathers, but inside the middle of the feathers is a different, lighter color.
It looks like chalk, but concerning these people, that copper color is glowing.
It is highlighted as if you put it through a black light.
See, that's what He's saying: 'Hold fast.
' I heard Him say, 'Hold fast, church.
' And all of a sudden, it went completely dark.
All of North Korea all the way up through China went completely dark.
It was like nighttime with no lights.
It was attached to China, and all of that area was a complete blackout.
It looks almost like a black hole.
There is no way for them to hear; it's a blackout.
I think what He is saying—and I don't want to add to or take away from it—is that they've never had a way to get the Word.
It's a blackout.
It's like the Iron Curtain.
There's a scan of this demonic skin, of this reptilian demonic spirit that is up front, glowing, and behind it, it's blocking out the Word.
I see this lizard-like, demonic-looking thing with the copper color in front of the people, blocking it out all the way up through China.
You attach North Korea, and it goes up like this, but there was a complete circle of blackout.
You can't hear the Word, is what I believe that represents.
It was complete darkness.
So we're praying into that—a veil that communism is wadding up.
He's done with that.
We have to get rid of that.
It's praying for revival into North Korea for those people because they were not able to worship.
They have taken their voices; they are not able to even sing loud to worship the Father.
They were making hand gestures and mouthing it, giving God praise because they couldn't even sing to be heard together as a family.
They would be tortured or killed for that.
But I saw them in terrible conditions, cold.
And the Lord said, 'I am seeing them,' and He's crushing that Iron Curtain.
That's what we're praying into.
The snake skin is representative of some kind of demonic spirit, this dragon that's keeping Christianity out of there.
And it was a complete black hole over North Korea all the way up into China.
It's so dark that there's not even one light; it looked like gross darkness.
I see a great big flathead catfish with big whiskers—those blue cats—and it has the face of Kim Jong-un.
Coming up through the south, I see a light coming on the land.
I see the green grass coming and the parting of that darkness.
It's coming from the south, from the southeast, and it's spreading up like when you would turn the light on in a cartoon.
Everything that was blacked out is getting color.
The green grass is coming; flowers are coming.
Praise God.
Hallelujah.
Did you get anything out of that tonight?
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for praying with us tonight.
And the Lord's about to do something supernatural like we've never seen before.
And it's going to be just like Philip.
That's cool.
Ain't that neat?
Acts chapter 2?
Or what did you say?
Acts chapter 8, verses 39 and 40.
Yeah.
So, it's biblical what I'm seeing.
It's not something that's off in la-la land.
I'm telling you it's in the Bible.
The Lord said it was.
I don't know—it's like I'm thinking that seems kind of out there, but I will tell them what the Lord is saying.
And so I'm so glad there's scripture to back it.
I'm like, okay, I'm seeing this, but I'm hoping there's scripture for this.
You don't want to look flaky here, Lord.
I'm saying this, but I'm like, I'm going to say it.
But that's what it is.
And it's all to His glory.
Hallelujah.
I thank you, Lord.
Wow.
That's good stuff, man.
How long did we pray, son?
Translation.
So, Philip translated in Acts chapter 8, verses 39 and 40.
Hallelujah.
Isn't that wonderful?
God, it is.
So, he's about to do it on a wide-scale basis.
He called it the supernatural highway.
He said, 'I'm going to teach'—when I first started praying tonight, he said, 'I want to tell you more about the revival and what's about to come.
' So, that's what he wanted to say.
I was excited about that because everything was about John.
He was walking down there; I saw the water coming up there.
But then I saw pillars of people and then he said, 'I'm going to use them again.
I'm giving them a fresh wind to finish their race.
' That's awesome.
And some places will be used more than others, but everyone will carry the glory if you want it.
But there's shaking to awaken.
Number two: then he said, 'I'm going to reach them,' and I saw him take his fist and he crumbled that flag up.
Wow.
It was his hand.
He took it and went like a piece of paper, and the only way I knew it was that I could see the stars, and he wadded it up in a ball and I was like, 'Whoa, what is that?
' And I was thinking, now let's burn that sucker, you know, light it with Holy Ghost fire, Lord, and set it on fire.
But he didn't.
I just saw it wadded up.
And then the vision started spreading and it looked like an animated picture of grass and trees and everything coming alive—flowers—and it was all coming alive.
And North Korea started having revival.
It looked like they were praying.
It was awful.
They were praying and they were not allowed to make sound.
And the Lord said, 'I'm going to bring this—you're going to get in there one way or the other.
You can't keep God out.
' And that's why he said, 'Keep praying into this.
' So, please help me y'all.
We'll continue.
We're a rescue mission.
He's taking us because of that catfish of a man.
That's what they did.
I thought it was funny.
I was trying to represent him being...
it was a flathead.
He said he's a flathead catfish and he was...
Well, they're unclean.
They're nasty.
They're bottom dwellers.
They eat the dead of other things.
They're slimy and nasty.
They do taste good when they're fried in cornmeal.
Go noodling, but I'm not going to eat that.
But I just thought, isn't that interesting?
There was so much to that tonight.
And I'm so thankful the Lord would show us all that he's going to reach the North Koreans for Jesus one way or the other and then we'll be back in our house.
So, if that happens to any of you all and you're out there, you have got to let me know because I want to talk about it, but I want validation that you take pictures when you go because the Lord said he's going to have it as a witness.
You'll be able to take pictures with your phone.
Yeah.
Put those on...
I wasn't putting the people on there, but I was in North Korea or whatever.
Wouldn't that be cool?
You've got it as a witness in him to tell the church and you'll be on TV and you'll be moving around on, you know, maybe a live like this.
All of a sudden, you're like, 'Where'd Brandon go?
He's gone.
He's in North Korea.
' He comes back and I'm on there and we're doing live from North Korea.
I don't know.
Does it have a satellite signal?
I don't know how it's going to work.
If you're on an island somewhere and I'm feeling it is live.
We're on Facebook live.
I mean, you know, it's over here.
We're witnessing these people and the power of God's touching them.
What's belief?
God forbid.
And everybody's like watching it live on YouTube.
Braden comes with me.
He's like filming it.
Starlink.
Yeah, we have Starlink.
I don't know how it would work.
But if it has a signal—probably not in North Korea because they don't have internet—but if you were in another place and they had it, you could record it.
You see me?
We're laying hands on the North Koreans.
Well, you wouldn't want to put it on there because they might be in trouble if they got caught.
But wouldn't that be cool?
I mean, the Lord said believe it.
I saw it though.
He said it's going to be a witness.
Supernatural stuff.
Ladies and gentlemen, isn't Jesus wonderful?
It's like Sister Billie goes, you know.
I saw it and it's going to be amazing.
They're not all going.
I'm telling you, Asia will be reached for Jesus.
From China to Vietnam to all over North Korea.
Get ready.
Get ready for the presence of God like you've never experienced before.
Into Russia, into places that have never really had a move of God.
And I'm telling you, God is not going to let the devil show up and show off.
It's about the church rising up.
And even in this shaking to awaken, folks, we're about to see something we've never seen before.
And I'm excited.
It's like, okay, time to get ready.
But we love you.
Thank you for joining us tonight.
I pray this blesses you, blesses me, and we'll be back to pray with you soon.
I don't know about tomorrow—tomorrow's Saturday—but maybe we'll see.
God bless you all.
We love you.
Put a smile on your face.
Do they have a question?
I'll answer two questions.
I'll throw you a curveball.
Do they want to have a question or are they done?
I thought Japan was cool.
The platinum around it and that ball.
That bubble.
Yes.
No, I don't know what that is.
From glory to glory.
He's changing us.
Changing us.
Somebody said no questions.
All right.
Good night.
We love you.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you and we love you.
God bless you and we'll see you.
Bye-bye.